Fix ACB csv export (#5700)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`5672` Exported csv files after using ACB as the cost basis calculation algorithm will now have correct cost basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`5672` Exported csv files after using ACB as the cost basis calculation algorithm will now reflect the same numbers as shown in the app.
```
